Okay. We were talking about...
Yes. And we're the hobbits.
I I think I identify, yeah. like woah.
Hobbit is cute, but I don't go...
How they, how can they stay that
small, with that amount that they eat.
Okay, go sideways.
Yeah.
If you were to live, where would you live?
Hobbit, yeah. You gonna crash on hobbit.
Ha, Would you be interested in the elves?
That would be your second choice?
Yeah.
I know, but I can't live in the dwarfs like that.
underground. Seems so dark. Yeah.
yeah
Which? Which weapon?
Specific weapon.
I, I like the arrow, or what I meant the bow and arrow.
Bow and arrow.
I've...
Ohh...
I always wondered about the bow and arrow. It's like, it's limitless. It just...
coming right but where, where is it coming from?
Yeah.
Like, right? I almost...
Yeah
Classic.
Yeah. Yeah.
It's all... It's all within like
two meter radius, right? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, true.
Or those...
Or the long range, like that thing that throws a stone.
Catapult, yeah. I was like, what is that stuff?
Ohhh...
Yeah.
What is a bat...
Ohhh...
Okay, okay, okay.
I don't know the names of the weapons.
mmm-hmm
Oh...
Okay. I...
Yeah.
I don't know...
Oh.